---
title: E100 Bus Timings  From Abu Dhabi Bus Station to Al Ghubaiba
layout: post
author: Al Khaleej
categories:
- Bus Timings
image: https://cdn.emzeth.com/img/2024/05/E100-Bus-Timings.jpg
featured: true
---

The E100 bus is designed with passenger comfort in mind. These modern buses are equipped with air conditioning, which is a lifesaver in the UAE’s hot climate. They also offer comfortable seating, ensuring a pleasant journey over the two-hour-plus trip between Abu Dhabi and Dubai. Contents

## E100 Bus Timings

One of the significant advantages of the E100 bus service is its frequent schedule. The buses run every 20-30 minutes, ensuring minimal waiting time for passengers.

The first bus depart at 04.20 AM and the last bus depart from Abu Dhabi Central Bus Station at 11.50 PM, the bus operates everyday from Monday to Sunday. Her are the complete E100 bus timings for your referency if you want to make this trip.

| From Abu Dhabi Bus Station | From Al Ghubaiba |
|---|---|
| 04:32 | 06:07 |
| 05:32 | 07:07 |
| 06:02 | 07:37 |
| 06:32 | 08:07 |
| 07:02 | 08:37 |
| 07:32 | 09:07 |
| 08:02 | 09:37 |
| 08:34 | 10:09 |
| 09:05 | 10:40 |
| 09:35 | 11:10 |
| 10:05 | 11:40 |
| 10:35 | 12:10 |
| 11:05 | 12:40 |
| 11:30 | 13:05 |
| 11:55 | 13:30 |
| 12:15 | 13:50 |
| 12:40 | 14:15 |
| 13:05 | 14:40 |
| 13:35 | 15:10 |
| 14:00 | 15:35 |
| 14:25 | 16:00 |
| 14:45 | 16:20 |
| 15:05 | 16:40 |
| 15:30 | 17:05 |
| 15:55 | 17:30 |
| 16:20 | 17:55 |
| 16:45 | 18:20 |
| 17:05 | 18:40 |
| 17:30 | 19:05 |
| 17:55 | 19:30 |
| 18:15 | 19:50 |
| 18:40 | 20:15 |
| 19:05 | 20:40 |
| 19:35 | 21:10 |
| 20:00 | 21:35 |
| 20:25 | 22:00 |
| 20:45 | 22:20 |
| 21:15 | 22:50 |
| 21:40 | 23:15 |
| 22:05 | 23:40 |
| 22:25 | 00:00 |
| 22:44 | 00:19 |
| 23:02 | 00:37 |
| 23:25 | 01:00 |
| 23:48 | 01:23 |
| 00:06 | 01:41 |
| 00:25 | 02:00 |
| 01:35 | 03:10 |
| 02:00 | 03:35 |

[Download PDF Bus E100](/assets/pdf/rta-dubai/bus_E100_Timetable.pdf)

To view the full schedule, you can visit the official RTA website or follow this link for [E100 Bus Timings](https://www. rta. ae/wps/PA_JourneyPlanner/DownloadTimetableServlet? lineId=dub:10100:%20: H: y08&lineName=bus%20E100).## About Abu Dhabi Central Bus Station

The journey starts at this well-connected bus station. Located in the heart of [Abu Dhabi](/category/abu-dhabi/), it’s adjacent to Al Wahda Mall, offering numerous shopping and dining options.

Located in Bur Dubai, [Al Ghubaiba Bus Station](/e201-bus-timings/) is a major hub for bus and metro connections.



{% include unit_link.html title="Recommended Guides" intro="Enhance your daily commute with these essential transport guides:" link1_url="/rta-intercity-bus-routes-connecting-dubai-to-other-cities/" link1_text="Complete RTA Intercity Routes Guide" link2_url="/biggest-bus-stn/" link2_text="Largest Bus Stations Infrastructure in UAE" %}

The E100 bus route begins at Abu Dhabi Central Bus Station, located near Al Wahda Mall.jpg)

- Abu Dhabi Central Bus Station
- Shahama Village
- Samha
- Al Ghubaiba Bus Station

## Fare and Landmark

- Louvre Abu Dhabi
- Corniche
- The Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa
- Dubai Creek
- Jumeirah Beach

Traveling on the E100 bus is not only convenient but also affordable. The fare for a one-way trip between Abu Dhabi and Dubai is AED 25.## Journey Experience

The E100 bus journey from Abu Dhabi Bus Station to Al Ghubaiba is a long but comfortable ride that connects two of the UAE’s major cities.

As the bus approaches Dubai, passengers are treated to glimpses of the towering Burj Khalifa and other architectural wonders.

The E100 bus timings and route offers a practical and economical way to travel between Abu Dhabi and Dubai, with frequent services and comfortable amenities.

Whether you’re commuting for work or exploring the many attractions these two cities have to offer, the E100 bus ensures a smooth and hassle-free journey.

